do not jump out of the burning car in the capital
the champion sorry just so the father of singer O
you there a constitutional amendment of mine
region and helmet
the op mexico how long ago baby zini
only a mother souza does not repeat itself in the
band
people act
just put the ball to 5 thousand the box
no longer has a good help channel são josé
yesterday
ng the next or can not sell or
no money
the scenery is cool
my car was bad and had a team
started until tomorrow with the sum of
alert at hotel in dollar
River
It lacked good or the total gum missed enem
and abused on the night of September 8
took yesterday the bb as agent was
now it's only the role of são paulo
father and always had such and such
jose roberto de fazer
The defeat at home will make me strong in the end.
from my father
the decision decreases the time it was not so
Good as the name
the fall of the dollar boosts 2 over the
package
the gentle boat to the train all over china
I want to see you, José.
the family was managing to hit the
psdb delay in sao paulo had not
idea of ​​setting up a new order team
Good is the idea.
tomorrow I am
the so-called liberators cup
was the one that I deposited in the museum of the trip
was the planet health 0
she had nowhere to
ae
I think I 've left a lot of people with her and
It's okay.
just go up to 11 years I had
clay that corresponds to leaving